Thank you for referring to the Skin Cancer Clinic at Hodgson George's Hospital.\n\nPrevious Diagnoses:\nModerately-differentiated basal cell carcinoma, pT2, located on the right temple, was completely excised-discussed in the local MDT meeting.\nLeft cheek seborrheic keratosis - full excised\nDry, flaking, and sensitive skin on the scalp after applying Imiquimod cream (July 2024). - advised betamethasone and Aquaphor\n\n\nIt was a pleasure seeing Sarah in clinic today. She is a 72-year-old retired school teacher with a significant history of sun exposure from competitive sailing in her younger years. Her past medical history includes type 2 diabetes mellitus on metformin and hypertension managed with ramipril. She is a former smoker who quit 20 years ago and drinks alcohol socially.\n\nSarah has started using the imiquimod again and is 3 weeks into her imiquimod course, applying it three times weekly to affected areas on her forehead. Her skin has reacted, but much milder than previously, with only mild erythema and minimal crusting noted. She denies any systemic symptoms such as fever or malaise. I was unable to see evidence of impetiginisation. The treated areas show appropriate inflammatory response without excessive ulceration. I have advised she continue on the imiquimod for now.\n\nOn examination, Sarah appeared well with Fitzpatrick skin type II and extensive solar damage across sun-exposed areas. Multiple actinic keratoses were noted on the forehead, measuring 3-8mm with hyperkeratotic surfaces. The previous excision site on her right temple showed excellent healing with no signs of recurrence. We will review Sarah in 3 months time to see if her skin has settled and if there are any other areas of actinic keratosis worth treating. There was no cervical or axillary lymphadenopathy today. I do note a slight left upper lid ectropion today but Sarah tells me this has been ongoing for more than a year and has massively improved with eye drops. She is under ophthalmology care and uses lubricating drops regularly. A lymph node check was negative. Skin surveillance and sun protection advice have been provided today, including SPF 50+ sunscreen daily and avoiding peak UV hours.\n\nWe recommend that you monitor your skin regularly so that any new lesions can be identified promptly and reported to your GP for further action.\n\nYours Sincerely,\n\nDr Gordon Ramsay\nDermatology Registrar (ST3)